more details from basic-search-hosted (#184)
vespa-engine/sample-apps: album-recommendation-java/README.md

      "$ENDPOINT/search/?ranking=rank_albums&yql=select%20%2A%20from%20sources%20%2A%20where%20album%20contains%20%22to%22%3B&ranking.features.query(user_profile)=%7B%7Bcat%3Apop%7D%3A0.8%2C%7Bcat%3Arock%7D%3A0.2%2C%7Bcat%3Ajazz%7D%3A0.1%7D"
    ```

> 1.  At this point, the application is built, unit tested, deployed to a _dev_ instance, fed to and a few test queries has been run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  At this point, the application is built, unit tested, deployed to a _dev_ instance, fed to and a few test queries have been run.
```

    Safe deployments depends on automated testing.

>     Vespa Cloud has support for running System and Staging tests for every change to an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Vespa Cloud has support for running _system_ and _staging_ tests for every change to an application.
```

>     These tests run like unit tests, but uses the application's endpoints for black-box testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These tests are run as JUnit tests, but use the endpoints of a real deployment of the application.
```

>     When _submitting_ an application to Vespa Cloud, a test instance is set up and tests run using it's endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When _submitting_ an application to Vespa Cloud, a test instance is set up and tests automatically run using its endpoints.
```

>     To develop System and Staging tests, deploy the application to _dev_ (like above) and run tests like _ExampleSystemTest_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To develop system and staging tests, deploy the application to _dev_ (like above) and run tests like _ExampleSystemTest_:
```

    ```sh
    $ mvn test -Dtest.categories=system
    ```
    or run it directly from an IDE. 
    ai.vespa.hosted.cd.Endpoint must have access to the data plane key and certificate pair,
    to talk to the application endpoint.
    Set in `pom.xml` (above) or
    -   as arguments to `mvn` like `-DdataPlaneCertificateFile=data-plane-public-cert.pem`, or
    -   as VM options for the JUnit tests in the IDEA, like `-DdataPlaneCertificateFile=data-plane-public-cert.pem`. 
    This also applies to the `dataPlaneKeyFile`, and the `apiKeyFile`.

    Find more details in the [Vespa Cloud API](https://cloud.vespa.ai/reference/vespa-cloud-api.html) and
    [automated-deployments](https://cloud.vespa.ai/automated-deployments).

> 1.  To run System and Staging tests from a instance running in Docker on localhost (instead of using _dev_),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  To run tests against a deployment running in Docker on localhost (instead of using _dev_),
```

>     configure endpoint location in a file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    configure endpoint location:
```

    ```
    {
        "localEndpoints": {
        "container": "http://localhost:8080/"
        }
    }
    ```
    in some file `/path/to/test/config`, and run JUnit tests with `-Dvespa.test.config=/path/to/test/config -Dtest.categories=system`.
    Refer to [album-recommendation-selfhosted](../album-recommendation-selfhosted) for how to create the application package.

> 1.  When System and Staging tests are ready, deploy to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  When system and staging tests are ready, deploy to production.
```

    Command to build and submit application to the hosted Vespa API is
    ```
    mvn clean vespa:compileVersion
    mvn -P fat-test-application \
    -Dvespaversion="$(cat target/vespa.compile.version)" \
    -DauthorEmail=<span style="{background-color: yellow;}">user@domain</span> \
    package vespa:submit
    ```

    To track versions through the pipeline, assuming you're using `git` for version control, you can instead specify

>     `-Drepository=$(git config --get remote.origin.url) -Dbranch=$(git rev-parse --abbrev-ref HEAD) -Dcommit=$(git rev-parse HEAD) -DauthorEmail=$(git log -1 --format=%aE)`

Reviewer: This will be outdated pretty soon, but we can keep it for now.
